JUDY WOODRUFF: Next, our Brief
But Spectacular series, where
we ask interesting people to
describe their passions.
Tonight, journalist Ann
Friedman, co-host of
the podcast "Call Your
Girlfriend," explores
why it's important to
find your own voice.
ANN FRIEDMAN, Journalist: Women
are frequently asked to couch
their opinions in a lot of
filler words, which is why
I find it so interesting
that we are simultaneously
seen as unserious
when we use phrases like um,
you know, or like, because,
frankly, if you say things
directly, without a lot of "oh,
you know what I think" sort
of padding around them, it's
difficult for both
men and women to hear.
I don't think it's just men
that have a hard time hearing
direct especially criticism when
it's coming from a woman.
Knowing it doesn't really
change the fact that, like,
in the real world, women have
to do a lot more emotional
labor to convey their opinions
and decisions and ideas.
I am one of those boring people
who has only wanted to do
one thing for my entire life,
which is be a journalist.
It's pretty impossible to equip
someone for a 10-plus-year
career in media right now.
You're going to get fired
or laid off at some point.
It will happen.
And you probably are
going to have to learn
a bunch of new skills.
You probably are going to have
to come to terms with the fact
that you're not only going
to write long-form
magazine articles in the
style of 1960s "Esquire."
I didn't wake up one day
and say, you know what,
I should have a podcast.
I have a good friend
here called Gina Delvac.
She had said for a long time
to me and to my friend Aminatou
Sow, hey, you guys have
a great chemistry, you would
be great podcast co-hosts.
I think it was somewhere around
where we came up with the name.
I guess we just create a fun,
safe place for ourselves and
discuss the things that we are
interested in.
And it turns out that a lot
of other women are interested
in those things, too.
Voice is one of those things
that when you talk about it
in a classroom or with a group
of writers, it can feel
very big and abstract.
I think, when I was earlier in
my career, I had more doubts
about my validity as a writer
and a journalist.
And I made my more effort to
copy the tone of the places
that I was writing for, inasmuch
as they had an
institutional tone.
And the longer that I had been
working and the more confident
in my opinions or my reporting
or, frankly, like, my career
and my place in the world,
it gets easier to write the
way that I speak.
If someone can't hear
the substance of what
I'm saying because of
the tone I say it with
or because of the little filler
words that I use -- which,
P.S., men use, too, we all
use -- then that's
their problem.
My name is Ann Friedman, and
this is my Brief But Spectacular
take on finding your voice
in journalism.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, just
say it, that's the message.
You can watch additional
Brief But Spectacular
episodes on our Web site,
PBS.org/NewsHour/Brief.